---
title: "Repository structure"
weight: 20
main:
  parent: technical
---

The following document outlines the structure of the code. We make use of 
[operator-sdk](https://sdk.operatorframework.io/) which is built on top of 
[kubebuilder](https://book.kubebuilder.io/quick-start) and 
[controller-gen](https://book.kubebuilder.io/reference/controller-gen.html) to 
construct our controllers, so the structure is based on the output of these 
toolchains.

- `api`: Go specification of types for schemas of the custom resources, 
  generated by kubebuilder, using annotations for JSON fields.
- `asssets`: Binary files for web/documentation publishing, such as logos.
- `bin`: Location where kubebuilder binaries are placed upon installation.
- `chantico`: Postgres models.
- `cmd`: Entry points of the operator and web application programs.
- `config`: Location of Kubernetes resources, Helm charts, etc.:
  - `config/crd/bases`: Custom resource definitions.
  - `config/default`: Kustomize configurations and patches for deployment.
  - `config/dev`: Old development setups.
  - `config/initial-deployments`: Helmchart for deployment of Chantico 
    components, such as filebrowser, Prometheus and SNMP exporter.
  - `config/manager`: Kustomize configurations and patches for controller 
    manager deployment in production clusters.
  - `config/manifests`: Resources for fully configured set of manifests used to 
    generate a bundled directory.
  - `config/network-policy`: Network policy resources for production deployment 
    to allow traffic for metrics monitoring.
  - `config/prometheus`: Service monitor of Prometheus metrics.
  - `config/rbac`: Cluster roles for access of resource controllers.
  - `config/samples`: Example resource YAML for applying custom resources used 
    by the Chantico controllers.
  - `config/scorecard`: Test framework scaffolding configuration.
- `dev`: Files for local development, including mock SNMP source, MIB 
  specification and deployment as well as development setup scripts.
- `docs`: Documentation sources.
- `hack`: Boilerplate for new files to add license block to top of code.
- `hugo`: Documentation publishing configuration and templates, including 
  partial HTML layouts and themes.
- `internal`: Controller and module source code of the Chantico operator.
